Today is cleanup day. I'm going to remove the game controller. There's also some
other things that I wanted to change about the code. I should rename the project
to "remote". It's currently named "keyboard". In short, there's just a lot of
little things.

I found out yesterday that there's already an app (by Apple themselves) for
controlling iTunes over wifi. It would be pretty pointless trying to recreate
that.

It turns out that the Swift Package Manager is actually extremely easy to use. I
just clicked a few buttons in Xcode and it set everything up automatically. Now
I can use Starscream in the simulator and on a real device and Xcode will just
set everything up. Up until now, switching to the simulator required me to
remove the framework from the build phase and use a fake implementation of the
socket code. That's not even the best part. This is a package manager so it will
automatically download and build a new version when it's released. Should have
done this ages ago.

The volume input seems to have broken somehow. I'm not sure what's going on with
it. I'm considering removing it entirely. The only thing I changed was making it
a subclass of `MPVolumeView`. I don't see how that would cause it to stop
working. Screw it, I'm just gonna remove it. It never worked 100% perfectly
anyway.

I'm running into some issues with web sockets. It seems like we don't always get
notified when the socket is disconnected. It also doesn't seem to be trying to
reconnect when the connection is lost. It turned out that the problem was with
4.0.4. I was using 3.1.1 before I started using the Swift Package Manager and
that was fine. I guess I'm using 3.1.1 now.

I finally figured out the bug that I've been having with the server since I
started it. The connection isn't closed properly if the connection is cut off.
I opened an [issue](https://github.com/seanmonstar/warp/issues/798) about it.

I've spent a lot of time tracking down bugs and cleaning things up. I think it's
time to implement some features. I want to add a screen for setting the name of
the computer to connect to. It shouldn't be too difficult to do. There'd be
another item in the tab bar. The screen would have a text box for entering the
name. One thing I'm worrying about is having too many tabs in the tab bar. I'll
deal with that later.

There are a few subtleties with this. The settings page should tell the user
when the app is connected. I'm thinking a colored bubble that's either red or
green and contains descriptive text.

That's done. I think it looks pretty good. Nice and simple. I'm nolonger
hardcoding `"indi-mac.local"`.

After I failed to get state restoration to work, I found out that it had been
replaced by a new system in iOS 13. It's called `NSUserActivity` and it seems
like a massive pain to work with compared to the old system. All I wanted to do
was store the current tab in the tab bar so I used `UserDefaults` instead. It's
not really meant for that but I don't care.

I think I did everything that I planned on doing today. I'm really happy with
where this project is at. I can't stop staring at it! I was doing this with the
chat website too. I took some screenshots. Better late than never I guess.
Tomorrow I'll work on a VLC controller and maybe some other stuff too. This
project is pretty close to being complete.
