I'm still chipping away at what I was working on yesterday. I'm trying to figure
out this unicode stuff with X11. There's a lot of complexity.

I think I might use the VM for this. That way I can play around without having
to worry about FFI bindings.

I've basically been going through the xdo sources and trying to pull it apart
and understand it. I think I've found a handful of places to improve. I'm
choosing to port parts of xdo to Rust instead of just using xdo because I want
this to be dependency free. XTest is an extension written on top of X11. We can
use `XSendEvent` instead so we don't really need XTest. We don't need to get the
X11 development package either. The dev package is just easier to link to from
Rust. xkbcommon is preinstalled on Ubuntu so (like with X11), we're using the
dev package because it's easier to link to. All we need from it is a big table
of unicode scalars and X11 keysyms (which xkbcommon actually copied from
somewhere else). It's trivial to translate that to Rust.

It will be a lot of work but TFC can be free of C library dependencies. I guess
you could say that another justification for porting xdo to Rust is performance.
As I write this, I've found some code that is run for each key press that could
instead be run once at startup. These sorts of things are often easier to spot
with fresh eyes.

About linking with X11. The X11 crate does some stuff with `dlopen`. I should
just use the X11 crate for all that. I'm trying to avoid C dependencies, not
Rust dependencies.

What I said above about `XSendEvent` is incorrect. We can't use `XSendEvent`
because most applications ignore events that came from `XSendEvent`. That's
really quite annoying.

I spent the day in the Ubuntu VM working through the xdo code. I've been
translating it to C++. I'm picking out the parts I need and refactoring as I go.
I'm making sure that I understand every little detail. I have 38 tabs open in
one Chrome window! This is exhausting but I have a working C++ program that can
turn a UTF-8 string into keyboard events. There's still a lot of work to do. I
need to translate it to Rust and do further refactoring. I'm hoping that I'll
end up with something very clean and well commented by the end of this.

Also, something really odd happened. I tried running xdo and it wasn't working
with unicode. The events were getting mixed up or lost or something. I was
getting jumbled output. I tried increasing the delay but that didn't help. I'm
not sure what's going on there.

Anyway, I'm cooked. Implementing this for Windows is going to be such a relief!
You don't have to worry about all the nonsense that you do with X11. You can
just send unicode characters.
