Today I'm working on the slide controller. I should be a lot simpler than the
number pad. In addition to on-screen buttons, the volume buttons can also be
used for changing slides.

Changing orientations in for the slide remote is a lot trickier than the number
pad. A lot of things need to be shuffled around. Lots of constraints need to be
added and removed. I thought it would be easy!

I managed to figure it out. Just took a lot of fiddling around. I've also got
the slide remote responding to volume inputs. Next up is the trackpad. I don't
think I'll port the WASD keyboard over to iOS because it doesn't really work
very well. Once the trackpad is done, I'll need to do the clicker and figure out
how to configure it.

I'm making a start on the trackpad and I think I should use gesture recognizers.
I'm learning how to use them and making sure that multiple recognizers can be
used together. There are a lot of gestures.
 - Tap once to click
 - Tap twice to double-click
 - Tap thrice to triple-click
 - Tap with two fingers to right-click
 - Pan with one finger to move the mouse
 - Pan with two fingers to scroll
 - Pan with three fingers to drag (or drag with one force-pressing finger)

For a while, the gestures seemed to be coming in twice. I worked out that it was
because `layoutSubviews` was being called twice and so the gesture recognizers
were being added multiple times. I thought that function was only called once.

It does seem to be possible to stop the recognizers from stepping all over each
other. I can use the delegate to decide which gestures can happen
simultaneously.

I have all the tapping gestures sorted out. Single-click, double-click,
triple-click and right-click are all done. Still need to deal with the panning
gestures.

I've got moving and scrolling all one. Last one is the three finger drag. I have
a feeling that it might give me trouble. But it didn't. It all seems to be
working pretty well. The one thing I might need do is reuse the mouse
acceleration code from the game controller. That might make it a little easier
to use.

I just realized that I could respond to move gestures. There's a key binding for
four finger swipe. I can also use the function keys to show the launchpad and
mission control. This would have been an absolute nightmare if I didn't have
gesture recognizers. I never would have attempted this on the web version.

Something odd is happening with the four finger swipe. The server is sending a
control+leftarrow but the space isn't changing. I even tried hard coding
`CGEventFlagControl` and `KeyCode::LEFT_ARROW` just to be sure and it still
isn't working. I don't know what's going on. I don't really have the energy to
figure this out right now. I think I'll leave this for tomorrow.

Reflecting on the day, it's been pretty productive. I got the slide remote
working and the trackpad as well. Both of them have more functionality than
their web counterparts. Like I already said, I'll work on extending the trackpad
tomorrow.
