I'm really looking forward to getting this I/O Kit stuff over with. It's been
rough to say the least. Today I'm going to be working on key events. Hopefully,
that should be it and I'll get it done today.

I/O Kit differentiates between regular keys and auxiliary keys. Media keys like
the volume keys are auxiliary keys. Bringing this distinction up to the high
level API might not be the best thing so I'm making a new platform independent
key code enum. If I ever decide to implement the server for windows and linux
then I'll need to do this anyway. It just makes sense.

It seems like I need to keep track of the state of modifier keys. I'm already
keeping track of mouse buttons so it's not that big of a deal.

I think I'm near the end now. I've got the key events working. There's still a
little bit or work to do with I/O Kit but its mostly unrelated work from here on
out. I've changed all the key codes so I'll need to update the iOS app. I'm so
glad to have this done! It's working better than it was before with Core
Graphics.

I'm thinking about moving all this I/O Kit code into a separate crate. I can
change the project slightly so that the controlling logic is available as a
library and the server is a binary that uses the library. Having multiple
binaries has just given me an idea. I could create a command line tool!

Getting all this I/O Kit stuff done has completely changed my mood. I'm finally
back to working on the project!

Up until this point, the old server is still functional. Even the old web client
still works! But it's time to break them and replace the old with the new.

Actually, it's near the end of the day. I don't want to leave things broken
today. However, I can still add without removing. Tomorrow I will finally end
the I/O Kit Saga and I'll be back to implementing features. Woo hoo!

I've been thinking about making this project public but I'm not sure if I want
this devlog... oh that's what it's called! As I was saying, I'm not sure if I
want this devlog to be public. I should read through it when I get a chance and
make sure it's not too personal.
