Today I'll complete the Linux X11 implementation and maybe get around to testing
it.

The `MouseContext` is done. It has the same scroll problem as Wayland. It
doesn't support smooth scrolling.

The `InfoContext` is done. Error handling is a bit different with X11. There's
an error handler function that is called when something goes wrong. That doesn't
really work with idiomatic Rust error handling. So functions return null or
false so I'm making an enum for each function. It's not ideal.

I'm ready to start working on `KeyboardContext`. It seems that keycodes in X11
are implementation defined, with a preference to use keysyms instead. I found an
[SO answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/42691752/4093378)
that said there's a direct relationship between the Linux kernel keycodes and
X11 keycodes. `X11 = Kernel + 8`. This means that I can reuse the keycodes and
keycode translation from the Wayland module.

I'm thinking about how to share the code. Maybe the linux modules should be
merged. Then there'd be a common os module for the two, but separate submodules
for X11 and Wayland. Actually that won't quite work because we'd end up trying
to link with X11 in Wayland. Maybe a linux common module for the key
translation.

With that done, the implementation of `KeyboardContext` was trivial. Now it's
time to test the X11 implementation.

I'm having trouble with linking X11. X11 and the extensions are installed but
for some reason I can't link to them. If I install the development libraries, I 
can link to them but I shouldn't need to do that. I don't need the headers or
documentation.

I can get it to work if I pass the full path of the library to the linker. I'm
trying to do that with Rust. Using `rustflags` inside `Cargo.toml` doesn't seem
to be working but passing the arguments directly to `rustc` works. My god this
is annoying. This linker bullshit is one of the reasons I moved to Rust.

It's times like these when I wonder why I'm spending my time on this. I could be
playing FTL right now.

I worked it out. `rustflags` needs to go in `.cargo/config.toml`. It seems like
it can only be specified for the binary target and not a library dependency. Ok,
we'll make people install libx11-dev. I was really trying to avoid that but
uuuuugh. Linux, what a mess.

Alright, before building for X11, you need to install the X11 and XTest
development libraries. Using `apt`, you can do this with:

```shell
sudo apt install libx11-dev libxtst-dev
```

Hmm, seg fault. I really thought this would be easier than the `/dev/uinput`
stuff I did yesterday. The problem was that `XTestQueryExtension` doesn't like
null pointers. I'll probably run into the same problem with `XQueryPointer`. And
I did.

I'm testing `KeyboardContext`. It seems like key presses only arrive after the
program exits. I'm calling `XSync`. Maybe I need to call `XFlush`. That wasn't
it. Both of these functions do similar things.

I don't know what was happening before. It didn't work with `XSync`. It didn't
work with `XFlush`. Now it's working with `XSync`. Right. Maybe the VM was just
running slow.

Mouse moving doesn't work but clicking does. When I try to move the mouse, the
cursor icon changes briefly. That's about it.

Apparently, the XTest functions return integers. Zero means an error occurred.
Hmm. The functions aren't returning `0` but they're still doing nothing. Maybe
I'll try `XWarpPointer`. I swear this library is just a big pile of ugly hacks.

Oh my fucking god.

# MOUSE INTEGRATION!

Now the mouse is moving, but only vertically...? `XWarpPointer` works flawlessly
so I guess I'll use that instead of `XTestFakeRelativeMotionEvent`.

After all that, it now seems to be working. Finally!

The last thing I need to do is detect X11 at build time and choose the
implementation accordingly. Apparently it can be as simple as checking for the
presence of an environment variable.
[SO](https://stackoverflow.com/a/45537237/4093378).
Nice.

That's where I think I'll leave it for today. The X11 module is working. I'm
getting closer to 0.3 but there are still a couple more things to do.
