Today I'm going to be working on `unicode_string` for macOS. Once that's done,
I'll probably work on a few odd jobs before releasing version 0.4.

I did some more benchmarking continuing on with the benchmarking I was doing
yesterday. A single hash table lookup is around 30 ns while a binary search is
around 60 ns. Setting up the hash table takes around 130 ms so we're saving a
significant amount of time by using either of these. Enigo does the equivalent
of the initialization step **for every key press**. There's also a 40 ms delay
in Enigo that's not necessary when using I/O Kit (they use Core Graphics) so
from using my numbers as an approximation for theirs, a key click could be
around 170 ms (though that's probably an overestimate). When it's usually less
than 1 ms for TFC (though the cost of `IOHIDPostEvent` varies). The effort I put
into this library is starting to pay off!

The benchmarks have told me that a hash table is faster even for around 100
elements so I'll swap out the vectors in macOS and X11 for hash tables.

Now I can focus on `unicode_string`.

`unicode_string` is done. I used the core_graphics crate instead of creating the
bindings myself. It made me realise that I should probably be using FFI crates
instead of doing it myself. My reasoning behind not using them was that I found
some things were missing so I figured that I'd end up needing to create bindings
anyway, so why not do all of it? The core_graphics is a really nice high level
abstraction over the Core Graphics framework.

I just checked the [winapi crate](https://crates.io/crates/winapi). It seems to
cover the entire Windows API. It has tons of users. I see no reason not to use
it. The [iokit-sys crate](https://crates.io/crates/iokit-sys) is missing
`IOHIDPostEvent`, has 10 stars on Github and hasn't been touched in 3 years. I
guess I/O Kit is pretty obscure compared to the Windows API so maybe I'm better
off doing it myself. The [x11 crate](https://crates.io/crates/x11) looks pretty
complete as well.

I think I'll do that in the next release. Perhaps version 0.4.1. For now I want
to do a few more final changes before I release version 0.4.0. This version is
where we finally catch up to Enigo and can begin to move past it. I might have
already said this at some point but I want this to be the best library of its
kind on crates.io. I want it to be the de-facto obvious choice for anything
related to simulating input events.

Something that I kind of overlooked was extending `Command` to handle the new
ASCII and Unicode keyboard contexts. The issue is, Linux-Wayland doesn't support
the Unicode keyboard. So how do we handle that situation? I guess it makes sense
to panic if an unsupported command is given. I just need to figure out how to do
that with generics.

When I first started using Rust, I thought I would miss C++ templates. I didn't.
So as time went by I started to realise that maybe we don't need a
turing-complete type system. Right now I'm thinking that I could do this with
C++ templates but I can't figure out how to do it with Rust generics. I'll keep
looking. Surely it must be possible.

I've been trying to figure this out for ages. I made a post in the
`users.rust-lang.org` forum. If there's no easy way to do this then I might just
leave it. They suggested that I provide a dummy implementation of the trait that
panics. I don't like it. It's not a perfect solution. For now, I'll extend
command to handle `AsciiKeyboardContext` and leave `UnicodeKeyboardContext` for
another day. Actually, even that isn't simple because it returns a `Result`
wrapped in an `Option` and it probably wouldn't be right to unwrap it. Ok,
rather than do a crap job today, I'll do it properly later.

There's not much more that I want to do before releasing 0.4. I'm keen to start
working on new features but I want to cut a new version before doing that.

Alright, version 0.4.0 has been released! Now I can focus on other things. I
think I might start using some other crates for FFI bindings. I'll start with
the winapi crate and then I'll go from there. I'm now using the winapi crate.
I explored using the X11 crate but it's missing some things. I think I'll leave
it for now.

Compiling on Windows has made me realise that it's not quite as simple as I
thought. Working in the Windows VM is so unbearably slow that I'm going to have
to continue this tomorrow. For some reason, cargo can't compile from a shared
folder the Windows VM which means that I have to copy things across and copying
takes about a minute or so (it's *that* slow). The Ubuntu VM doesn't have this
problem. With the Ubuntu VM, I can have the IDE and Chrome open and it still
runs smoothly. With the Windows VM, I need to shut down every other program and
it's still bloody slow.
