On 2021-02-05, I realized that I needed to move from Core Graphics to I/O Kit.
On 2021-02-06, I made a start. Today, I'll will complete the move.

This will involve deleting the old code and moving the new code into its place.
The key codes have changed so I'll need to update the client. I haven't decided
yet if I want to keep the web client working. Maybe it's time I let it go.

The old code has been deleted. The iOS client has been restored to working
order. While I was working on it, I discovered that setting the click count
isn't necessary. It seems to be set by some other system. This is interesting
because it was necessary when using Core Graphics. The key repeat is also
unnecessary. This simplifies things a little bit.

I added a control-or-meta key. This will be meta on macOS and control on
Windows. The reason for this is that on macOS, the command key almost completely
replaces the control key. Having this keycode means that client programs can be
platform agnostic. The iOS client doesn't need to know if the server is macOS or
Windows.

I think that if I want to implement multiple platforms, I'll need traits that
each platform implements. I should also do error handling properly. I'll define
a proper error type and return `Result`s.

I used to use `build.rs` for defining the `Key` enum in multiple places but I
disabled it today while I was restructuring the project. I think I should bring
it back to life. Also, I think I'm going to drop the web client. It's obsolete
and lacking features. There's simply no reason for it to exist. That means
simplifying the server. It would unlock the possibility of using TCP instead of
WebSockets.

Goodbye web client.

I realise that I never got any screenshots of it. There wasn't much to see
anyway. It looked pretty similar to the way the iOS client looks right now
except that it didn't have a tab bar. You'd have to type in URLs to access the
various functions. Ugh. The tab bar is way better!

I'm working on getting `build.rs` back up and running. There's something so
satisfying and about writing code to generate code! This is awesome. I can
change something in one place and have it update everywhere.

I'm really happy with where the project is at right now. I'm not exactly sure
what I'll do tomorrow. There's nothing that's jumping out at me and saying that
it has to be done. Maybe it's time that I release the first version? Before I do
that, I should probably write some documentation!
