While I was working on the interpreter, I didn't stop to think what it's
actually used for. Is it really all that useful? Maybe automation. I guess I've
never really had a use for automating mouse and key events so I haven't thought
about the possibilities. I think I'm going to leave it alone until I find a use
for it.

Maybe I could add another platform? Windows probably won't be too hard. With
Linux I have to worry about things like X11 and Wayland. I'm hoping that I can
use Wine to test the Windows code. If I can't, then I'll need to use a virtual
machine. A Windows virtual machine on my poor little laptop.

From what I can tell, it seems like I just need to fill up a `INPUT` struct and
pass that on to `SendInput`. Pretty straight forward.

The documentation for the Win32 API is really good! Nice work Microsoft. So much
better than the docs for I/O Kit. I'm able to declare all the FFI bindings from
their website. My plan is to write all the windows code, being as careful as I
can, then when I test it, there hopefully won't be too much that I need to
change.

I've implemented `KeyboardContext` for Windows. I'm not 100% sure on some of the
key codes but I'll figure that out during testing. There is no key code for Fn
but I don't think it matters. That's probably one of the least used keys. Now
I'm on to `MouseContext`.

`InfoContext` and `MouseContext` have both been implemented for Windows. Now I
just need to test them. This means firing up a Windows 10 virtual machine,
installing Rust, then messing around for a while until it works. It's times like
these where I wonder if I should go and buy an old $200 windows laptop just for
this purpose.

It's taken me an hour but I'm now running `rustup`. About half an hour later and
now I'm running a hello world program.

I'm currently trying to solve some linker errors. I'm getting an unresolved
symbol error for `FormatMessage`. I think it's because there's two versions of
this function for unicode and ANSI and a macro wrapper around them. So
`FormatMessage` doesn't exist. The website doesn't tell me what the real
functions are called so I have to go and find the header.

Found it. `FormatMessageA` and `FormatMessageW`. I'm using ANSI for the moment
because I think the unicode version uses UTF-16 which is kind of annoying to
deal with.

Now that I have it linking successfully, I can test it and... it seems to be
working! I made it press the T F C keys. Thorough testing will have to wait
until tomorrow but the results right now are promising.

Also, the VM is actually running pretty smoothly now that I have everything set
up. Command Prompt, Notepad and Windows File Explorer are pretty lightweight.
