I think it's time to start porting the controllers to iOS. Yesterday I realised
that the game controller idea wasn't going to work. I think I'll start with the
number pad. It's the most useful of all of them and it's probably the most
complicated so if I can get it done, the rest will be pretty easy.

I just spent all morning setting up the constraints on all the buttons. They're
all `UIView`s. I just realized that I need to make them `UILabel`s if I want
them to have text. The only way to convert them is to delete them (along with
the constraints) and them add them again. Oh my god. I could have them
dynamically create a label as their child but I want to do it right.

It's taken me half a day but I've finally created the landscape number pad
layout. Now I need to do the portrait layout. I think it's possible to set
different constraints depending on the orientation so it shouldn't be too hard.

This is so tedious. I take for granted how easy it is to build user interfaces
with HTML and CSS.

I just spent ages doing the portrait layout and then realized that the layout
wasn't switching when the orientation changed. Ugh. I've had to revert my
changes so many times. When this is done, it will be better than the web page
but getting there is a lot harder.

I finally worked it out. It's looking good.

Now I need to figure out how to add functionality to the buttons. There are 34
buttons. Each of them does something different. I need to somehow map the button
in the interface builder to a snippet of Swift. In JavaScript I was able to give
the buttons an ID name but that doesn't seem to be possible in iOS. I can add an
integer tag but that kind of sucks.

It seems like the `subviews` array isn't in the same order as the views appear
in the interface builder. So I guess I can't use order to identify them. Maybe I
could give them a tag based on their order and use that? This seems wrong. There
has to be a better way.

First I used `UIView`s. Then I used `UILabel`s. Now I'm just thinking, do I need
to use `UIButton`s? The right way to solve the problem is probably using
actions. You define the action in the interface builder and it invokes a
function in Swift. I can achieve something similar with outlets though. Outlets
are a way to reference objects in the storyboard from swift. So I can sort of do
things backwards and attach event listeners to the interface object.

The number pad is finally functional. The one thing that it's missing is the
offline status handling. I'm going to keep it the same as the web page and have
the screen turn red when it's offline.

The number pad now behaves about the same as its web counterpart. There have
been a few tweaks and it's also more pleasant to use. The web version had all
sorts of minor issues that add up to an unpleasant experience.

I've spent a little bit of time polishing it. I'm really happy with the number
pad. Tomorrow I'll work on some other controllers. Probably the slide remote.
I'll be able to do something that I wasn't able to do with the web page and
that's using the volume buttons for changing slides.
