What am I going to do today?

I guess I'll do a bunch of odd jobs.

I read through the whole devlog to make sure there's nothing too personal in it.
It's been quite a journey! I originally started working on this project to use
my phone as a keyboard but it's become so much more than that. I was sort of
making it up as I went.

I'm trying to work out how to emit unicode events with I/O Kit. It might not be
possible. This is what I sacrificed by moving from Core Graphics to I/O Kit.
With Core Graphics, you can emit a string of UTF-16 characters. With I/O Kit,
I don't know.

That one little thing has gave me second thoughts about going public with this.
Maybe using I/O Kit for everything was a bad idea. I guess I can use Core
Graphics for this one little thing if I ever need it. It's not that big of a
deal really. It just bothers me from a purity perspective. I'd rather use one or
the other, not an awful mix of the two.

I've started writing some documentation comments. Writing good documentation is
a bit tricky. I feel like I should be going into more detail but I feel like
some parts are pretty self explanatory. I mean, `key_down` emits a key-down
event. What more is there to say? 

I've written some documentation comments. I added an example for
`parse_byte_command` which acts as a test. I have one test now! I also found
that it doesn't seem to be possible to add documentation to a `use` declaration.
This means that I would need to duplicate the comments for `Context` and `Error`
for each platform. Not that big of a deal. Just thought I'd mention it.

I'm not sure what to do now. I think I'll leave it there. It doesn't feel like
today was very productive. I was just doing random stuff. I'm still kind of on
the fence about going public. Tomorrow might be similar to today. I'll do some
minor tweaks and then I might release a version.
