Alright what am I gonna do today?

VLC controller. At the bare minimum it should be able to play and pause. It
should be able to change the volume as well. Jumping forward or backward by 10
seconds is handy. Jumping straight to the beginning or end is occasionally
useful. Maybe toggling fullscreen and navigating the playlist. That's probably
it. The most useful features are play/pause and volume.

If we add another tab for VLC, then there would be 6 tabs. I think Apple's
guidelines say that you can have 5 at the maximum and it will be pretty cramped
with more than that. I'm not sure what I'll do about this. Maybe it could be
possible to scroll horizontally?

I found a [hack on SO](https://stackoverflow.com/a/40147148/4093378) that lets
you have more than 5 tabs. I can see why the guidelines exist. 6 is a little
cramped but still usable. I haven't tried 7 but I don't think it will be usable.

It seems that unicode doesn't provide all the icons I need. The icons built into
iOS are pretty great and I only discovered them after I made the tab bar. The
issue is, I'm using `UILabel`s for buttons. A label can only show text. It seems
that I need to use `UIButton` if I want to show icons.

I have play/pause, volume up, volume down, jump back and jump forward. I just
thought that it would be really cool if we could show the duration and playback
position. I might leave that till later if I decide to do it.

Some features of this controller are going to be tailored to VLC but it doesn't
have to be. I could have a configuration page that makes it compatible with
something else like YouTube.

I added jump-to-beginning and jump-to-end buttons. I think I'll work on making
it functional now. I'm pretty sure I can do all this without having to change
the server.

It turns out there is no hotkey for jumping to the beginning or end in VLC.
Erm... right. The closest thing is going to the next video in the playlist.
Maybe I'll just exclude those buttons then. Meanwhile, I added a mute button.

So far, the keybindings should work anywhere. Space for play/pause. Left and
right arrows for jumping backwards and forwards. I'm using the system volume
buttons as well.

I'm thinking about adding a button that wiggles the mouse to show the menu and
current time. The only problem is, I can't find a good icon! Maybe a magnifying
glass, maybe a swiping finger, maybe a clicking mouse. I ended up going with an
`i` in a circle. That might change.

The info button sends a mouse move event but doesn't actually move the mouse so
that's pretty cool. The volume buttons don't seem to work. I was kind of
counting on them working. I don't know what I'm going to do.

It seems like I need to drop down a level. I/O Kit is a level below Core
Graphics. I've been looking at the source of Karabiner-Elements and it uses I/O
Kit to generate events. It seems like that is what I'll have to do. Digging into
I/O Kit isn't really something I want to start today. It's a lot of work.

It occurred to me that the slide remote could probably use icons instead of
words. This would mean swapping out `UILabel` with `UIButton`. This is something
that I'll probably do to the number pad eventually. Or maybe never because it
requires redoing all the constraints.

This looks a lot better. There are only four buttons so it's not too difficult
to redo it all. The landscape layout also makes a lot more sense. The old
landscape layout was kind of weird because the buttons needed to be wide enough
to accommodate the text.

I think I'm going to leave it there. Migrating from Core Graphics to I/O Kit is
going to take me all day tomorrow. Maybe longer!

I just noticed that I named the screenshots with 2020!
