Last night I was thinking about using the volume buttons for input. It's not
possible to access the volume buttons from JavaScript though so I'd need to make
an iOS app if I want to make that work. I'm finding that 3D touch is kind of
cool but physical buttons are still better. Using force touch to click and drag
doesn't quite work as well as I hoped.

I also thought about using the accelerometer or gyroscope to control the mouse.
I'm keen to experiment with that. It requires a secure context to work. I tried
switching over to HTTPS but it doesn't like my self-signed certificates. This is
so annoying. It's beginning to look like I'll have to make an iOS app if I want
to do anything interesting. Whatever, I'll do that later if I still think it's
worth the effort.

https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkitjs/deviceorientationevent

I've been thinking about making custom interfaces for interacting with different
applications. That's kind of what I've already been doing. One example is
switching between slides of a powerpoint. Another example is controlling VLC.

I've been doing a fair bit of refactoring of the JavaScript. I defined all the
protocol constants in JavaScript manually. I could try to automate it but I
don't think it's worth the effort. I mean, it's done now and it probably isn't
going to change any time soon.

I created a slide remote. It's pretty simple. It can go to next and previous
and also first and last slides. This might be pretty handy. Although it relies
on using my own laptop for presenting a slideshow so I'm not sure.

I've been thinking about using Bootstrap if for nothing else but the colors. I
really like the shades of gray that Bootstrap has.

I had a realisation. I can go beyond a remote control. I can create something
that _adds_ to the existing input methods rather than _replaces_. For example,
a number pad. A number pad on a phone would actually be better than the keyboard
because the button layout can be optimized.

I was working on the number pad but then I started running into a bunch of
problems with enigo. I mean, A LOT of problems. I've been playing around with it
and keep discovering problems. Mostly to do with `Key::Layout`.

I think the number pad could be expanded in the landscape orientation. It could
have all the characters that are useful in Excel.
