I've still been working on making the Windows module compatible with the winapi
crate. The crate uses `UNION!` macro that generates a struct with getter methods
instead of an actual union. This requires wrapping a lot of code in `unsafe`
blocks because writing to a union in Rust is safe but calling the mutable getter
from the crate is unsafe. I think it's because Rust didn't have unions when the
crate was written. Another issue is that the VK_* constants are declared as
`c_int` when they should be `WORD` so I need to add casts. It's also missing the
constants for A-Z and 0-9 but that's understandable because those constants
don't actually exist in the Windows headers.

It's these sorts of things that make me reluctant to use an external FFI crate.
I'll end up worrying about fixing issues in another repo rather than focusing on
my own code. Defining the bindings myself helps me understand what I'm actually
using. It also makes this library more lightweight.

I think I'm going to rollback what I've done because using the winapi crate
doesn't seem like an improvement to me. If I was using substantial portions of
the Windows API and developing a big Windows application then I would use the
crate. I'm not using much of the Windows API and I'd rather maintain and fix
things instantly in my own code than wait for another crate to update.

What I've been meaning to do for a long time is improve the way errors work.

Each platform will implement their own platform specific error type. From this,
there will be an enum that wraps the platform error and provides some platform
independent errors. Unsupported ASCII and Unicode characters are the first that
come to mind but there could be more. It might also make sense to wrap the
platform error in a variant that describes where the error came from. Like
`MouseMove(PlatformError)` for example. Not sure about that.

The platform error will be defined with a trait and the wrapper error will be
a generic enum. I think this all makes sense. I just need to see if it works in
practice.

I seem to have figured it out. The changes required to the platform
implementation are pretty minimal. Also, user code doesn't really need to change
either except for usage of the ASCII and Unicode keyboards. I should have done
this ages ago!

I've made the change for all platforms and now I'm doing some refactoring.
Clippy pointed out a pretty significant bug in the Wayland implementation. In C,
`04000 == 2048` but in Rust, `04000 == 4000`. This meant that the definition of
`O_NONBLOCK` was wrong. I needed to use a `0o` prefix. I'm glad Rust made this
change because padding numbers with zeros and then wondering why the value is
different is a classic beginner mistake.

Oddly enough, `4000 & 2048 == 2048` so the `O_NONBLOCK` bit would have been set,
but also `O_APPEND`, `O_TRUNC`, `O_NOCTTY` and `O_EXCL`.

I've been tweaking and refactoring for a while. This library is starting to feel
like it's close to complete. I haven't worked on the server or the app for ages.
Maybe it's about time I went back to it. I still have a couple more things that
I want to do in the library though. Error checking in X11 isn't as thorough as
the other implementations. The return values of most functions aren't documented
anywhere. I'm not even sure if checking return values is necessary because I
think an X11 application will crash if it encounters an error. I'm not sure
about that.
