The `ScreenContext` implementation for macOS uses a memory-mapped struct to
determine the screen size and cursor location. This doesn't work on the new
Apple Silicon macs and I really should be using Core Graphics.

That simplified some things and I was able to remove some items from the FFI
module. Another thing I want to do is add the ASCII and Unicode functions to
`Command`. There was a suggestion on the forum post I made on Tuesday that seems
to solve the problem of `UnicodeKeyboardContext` not being implemented
everywhere.

As I was just starting to implement it, I realised that it's probably an
over-engineered solution. On Linux-Wayland, `UnicodeKeyboardContext` is not
implemented by `Context`. So lets solve the problem directly using the `cfg`
attribute.

It is done. `Command` now covers everything. I select between two
implementations of `execute` using the `cfg` attribute. This now makes it
possible for app to have a keyboard.

I just had a thought. I could add a feature flag that implements
`UnicodeKeyboardContext` on Linux-Wayland using `AsciiKeyboardContext`. That
makes a lot of sense. It makes dealing with Wayland a bit easier while also
accepting that you'll probably run into problems. It definitely shouldn't be
done by default but a feature flag makes sense.

It's all coming together! It might be time to release version 0.5 soon. There
isn't much more that the library really needs. I think I might continue working
on the server and app after the 0.5 is released. From there, I might consider
a BSD implementation. There are a lot of BSD variants. I'm not sure if they have
compatible windowing systems. They might use X11. I have no idea!

I think I could optimize `mouse_click` and `key_click`. On Windows, multiple
calls to `SendInput` could be merged into one. For the other implementations,
I think the compiler should be able to merge the two calls to `to_key_code` into
one. I've just realised that I need to start up the VM to ensure that this still
works properly. I'm pretty certain that it should be fine but I should check
anyway. Ugh.

Ok, I tested it and it worked. There's one more thing that I want to do and
that's dealing with the deal on X11. A delay is necessary for each character
when the keyboard layout needs to change. Currently, the delay is always there
but I could check if the string would require changing the keyboard layout at
any point and apply the delay if necessary. I found that inserting the delay at
the point where the keyboard layout is changed doesn't solve the problem. It's
really annoying that this delay is necessary at all. I can spam calls to `XSync`
everywhere but it doesn't help. There needs to be a delay. This of course means
more work in the VM but it's an Ubuntu VM so it's fine.

I had another idea that might make it possible to remove the delay entirely!
Currently, an unused keycode is remapped to a Unicode character whenever a
Unicode character is required. The issue is that this remapping gets out of sync
with the actual key presses and the mapping could change before the key press
has gone through. What if we had multiple unused keycodes and cycle between
them? If it doesn't let us remove the delay then it might let us use a smaller
delay. I'm not sure if this will work. I'll see how it goes.

On the Ubuntu VM, there are 16 keycodes that we can cycle through. It seems to
have worked...

I found a pretty big problem. When the keyboard mapping changes, it changes
permanently. I wasn't resetting it after changing it because I thought it would
reset on exit but that doesn't seem to be the case. I think I might have messed
up my VM. Maybe I just need to shut it down and restart it. That will hopefully
reload the default mapping and fix the mess that I've created.

The reboot has fixed it. If it didn't then I don't know what I would have done.
Maybe a clean install. It turns out that there are actually 24 unused keycodes.

I gave it a really long string full of random characters. It typed the string
perfectly the first time but then butchered it the second time. God dammit. I
really thought this would work. Ok, I'm rolling it back. I tried it. It didn't
work. Oh well. I don't think I'll bother with doing the delay only when the
string needs a keyboard remapping because that could be problematic. There could
be multiple consecutive calls to `unicode_string`.

After today, there's really not much left in terms of obvious features (apart
from supporting more platforms). I think I'll release version 0.5 tomorrow. Then
I can go back to working on the server and app.
