Today I don't have to worry about setting everything up and I can just focus on
the core features of the game controller app. I've mostly been refactoring the
code because it's pretty messy at the moment. I'm currently working on
implementing the `SocketManager` class from JavaScript into Swift. This means
reconnecting when we disconnect, and sending the tick messages.

I'm continuing to mimic the behaviour of the web client. The screen goes red
when disconnected. Now I need to send the tick messages and the `SocketManager`
will be done.

Tick messages are being sent. The `SocketManager` does everything that its
JavaScript counterpart does. Now for the interesting part: responding to touch
gestures.

I already have the volume buttons working. I'll have volume up mapped to right
click, and volume down mapped to left click. Then I'll using the right half of
the screen for moving the mouse, similar to the existing trackpad. The left side
will be mapped to movement. So WASD. For the movement side, I'm not sure if I
should go for the fixed or dynamic approach. I could make it so that touching
the top of the region will move forward (fixed). Or I could make it so that
touching anywhere and then dragging up will move forward. I guess I could do
both and see what works. Maybe make it configurable.

So far that's pretty generic and could be applied to a lot of games. I'm
thinking about the control scheme in terms of minecraft. I could double tap the
left half of the screen to toggle crouching. I'm not sure about everything else.
I'll probably need buttons.

I just realized what I'm doing. Minecraft Pocket Edition is a thing. I'm
planning on using my phone to play Java Edition! I could take some inspiration
from the Pocket Edition control scheme.

I have the mouse moving now. So far, we're pretty much back where we left of on
the JavaScript side of things. I have to say, working on a native app is much
more pleasant than a web page. A web page is easy to get setup but a native app
is worth the effort. I have more control. It feels rigid. I have the full
capabilities of the phone available.

One thing that I'm noticing is that the volume buttons take quite a bit of force
to press. This means that my right thumb moves when I press them. This could
make accurate clicking difficult.

I'm currently testing the movement controls. It can be configured to be relative
or absolute.

Holy fucking shit this is awesome!

I definitely prefer relative movement controls. I think I need to implement
mouse acceleration. By that I mean, moving the mouse faster moves it further.

I've spent ages trying to get the mouse acceleration working. I'm really
struggling to wrap my head around it.

Ok, I think I have it working pretty well. I've been playing Gorescript. I'm
able to move, look around, and shoot. I still need more inputs. I need to add
buttons and gestures. I'm not too sure where I'll put the buttons and what other
touch gestures I'll use. This might only work for games with simple control
schemes. When playing Minecraft with a mouse and keyboard, I use 8 fingers. On a
phone, I've got 2 thumbs and an index finger on the volume buttons. For
Gorescript the phone will probably work great. For Minecraft, I'm not so sure.

I've been thinking about configuration. Setting the control mapping from within
the app. Even setting parameters like the mouse acceleration curve would be nice
too. I shouldn't have to recompile the app to change these things.

That's going to be it for today. Tomorrow I'll figure out some buttons.
