The X11 Unicode Saga concludes (hopefully)! Today I'm going to be cleaning up
the code I wrote yesterday.

I finally committed the changes. It's still a bit rough around the edges so I'm
going to keep working on it today.

I moved the traits into their own module so that users can do
`use tfc::traits::*` to get all the traits without getting everything else. I'm
currently working on a way of translating ASCII characters to keys for use with
the Linux-Wayland backend. It doesn't feel right implementing
`UnicodeKeyboardContext` with something that doesn't support unicode or even
layout independence. This is a nice change of pace because I don't have to think
too hard about it.

Ok, now it's possible to type characters on Wayland with some caveats of course.

I'm just realising that the API might be a little odd. I started with an
`AsciiKey` struct that holds a `Key` and a `bool`. Then I added a function for
creating a `AsciiKey` from a `char`. Then I added another function for applying
the `AsciiKey` to a `KeyboardContext`. I figured that would be a little annoying
to use so I added convenience functions that construct and apply. So now we have
this `AsciiKey::apply_ascii_char(ctx, 'A')`. It might make more sense to have
this `ctx.apply_ascii_char('A')` instead. The `AsciiKey` struct itself is really
an implementation detail.

I'm wondering how I should do that. It probably makes the most sense as a trait.
The trait will be implemented for any type that implements `KeyboardContext`.

I've been doing a lot of refactoring and renaming things today. Version 0.4 will
be huge! I still plan on implementing `UnicodeKeyboardContext` for macOS and
Windows before releasing 0.4.

I'm so glad to have that nightmare over with. Implementing
`UnicodeKeyboardContext` for the other two platforms is going to be
significantly easier.
