The keyboard on my laptop is a little bit worse for wear. Some of the keys don't
work. Some of them temporarily stop working after heavy use. Some of them get
stuck down. I need a new keyboard (actually I need a new laptop). Rather than
buy a new keyboard, perhaps I could use my phone to replace part of my keyboard?

I'm not sure if this idea is even going to work. I plan on replacing using my
phone as the WASD keys. I have an iPhone 6s which has 3D touch. The ability to
detect pressure might make this work.

For now, I'm going to start with a very rough prototype just to see if the
concept works. If I'm happy with it at that point then I might make this into
something more generic. Something that someone else might actually use. I could
make it configurable. Make it possible to set the keyboard layout and select
keys to bind. Maybe make it work as a trackpad too.

I'm pretty sure these sorts of things already exist but I don't think many of
them take advantage of 3D touch. I want complete control over everything to make
it suit my needs.

I setup a basic webpack configuration similar to the poll project. I also setup
the server using warp 0.3 and tokio 1.0 which were released a couple of days
ago. I setup the websocket handler based on the chat project. The socket handler
only needs to deal with zero or one connections so it's much simpler than chat.

The Enigo type that I'm using takes mutable references to it's methods. Also, it
doesn't implement the Send trait so I'm having a hard time figuring out how to
use it with warp.

I can't just pass it around as Arc<RwLock<Enigo>> because it must be Send. I
tried creating a global variable but it must be Send in that case too. I solved
it by using a channel. The main thread holds the receiving end of the channel
and accesses enigo.

There's a lot of jitter. I tried playing flappy bird but it was unplayable. I'm
not sure what to do about this. It might just be that a wireless connection
isn't going to work.
