This day last month, I started this project. When I started it, I thought it
would be wrapped up in a week or so. I wasn't planning on releasing anything.

Ok, so with the unicode keyboard done for X11 and Windows, it's time for macOS.
Doing this for macOS is somewhere between X11 and Windows in terms of
complexity. For `unicode_string`, I can use `CGEventKeyboardSetUnicodeString`.
For `unicode_char`, there's this
[SO thread](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1918841/how-to-convert-ascii-character-to-cgkeycode)
that discusses a few solutions. I guess I better get started then.

I created a C++ program that does the initialization step for `unicode_char`.
It's similar in essence to the X11 implementation. We iterate over the key codes
and modifier states then convert those to characters. From that, we create a map
from characters to key codes and modifiers.

macOS has more characters that can be typed with the keyboard. The option key
as well as the shift key can be used as modifiers. For example, π and  can be
typed. This means that the mapping is a little bit bigger than on X11. It might
be large enough for a hash map to be faster than binary searching a sorted
vector. I should probably benchmark this instead of just guessing!

The initialization step for `unicode_char` is done. Now I just need to lookup a
character and press the right keys.

`unicode_char` is fully functional. It works a hell of a lot better than the
equivalent from Enigo which is part of the reason why I started working on this
library. I've still got no responses on the issues and the PR I opened a month
ago.

I threw together a janky benchmark to compare a hashmap with a vec. The hashmap
is a little bit faster. I should benchmark the X11 implementation too because it
has a smaller number of elements and also a slightly larger element type.
Although, it's in the hundreds of nanoseconds range so should I even bother?
I'll take care of it tomorrow. I still have `unicode_string` to implement for
macOS.
