More cleanup and refactoring today. Similar to yesterday.

I decided to make the server its own crate, rather than being a binary on the
main crate. It has its own set of dependencies. It just makes sense.

The Fat Controller is now a public github repo. I've written the README. It's
got a brief description of the project. There's an example and some screenshots
of the app. I've also been working on tweaking `Cargo.toml` to make sure it has
all the right fields.

I've been reading about publishing to crates.io. It's permanent. Once its there,
you can't delete it. Also, there are other crates that do the same thing but
support more platforms. There's [Enigo](https://github.com/enigo-rs/enigo). I
was actually using Enigo when I started this project. Then I needed more
features so I rolled my own. The only real advantage I have over Enigo is that
my project is actively maintained.

I've been looking at other examples of other crates to see how they setup their
README files. I created a separate README for the server.

I realised that `build.rs` is somewhat problematic. It doesn't need to be
published. Even though it's not being published, its dependency (`heck`) is
being included. It seems like it should be a separate package rather than being
a `build.rs`. That is slightly inconvenient but whatever.

I think I'm ready to publish the first version. I've spent most of the day
checking everything to make sure it's just right. It doesn't need to be perfect.
This won't be the only version. I'll improve it and make the next one better. I
should stop stressing about it and just do it.

Alright, version 0.1.0 has been released!

Now I can stop stressing about it. It looks like the docs weren't able to build
on `docs.rs`. It seems to be because `#[cfg(target_os = "macos")]` is hiding the
`Error` type. The fix is quite simple. Define the `Error` type on platforms that
aren't macOS. I guess I need to cut a new version for this.

That seems to have fixed it. The `docs.rs` page is working.

With that over with, I can shift my focus to implementing features. I was
thinking yesterday about a way to define a set of commands in a file and then
execute the file. Perhaps there could be a command line interface for embedding
actions into a shell script. So maybe `tfc-interpreter < commands.txt` and
`tfc-interpreter --key-click T --key-click F --key-click C`. After all that time
writing README files and messing around with configuration files, I think I need
to take a break.

The files that the interpreter reads should be as simple as possible. This is
what I'm thinking.

```
keyClick T
delay 100
keyClick F
delay 100
keyClick C
delay 250
mouseMoveRel 200 -10
```

The names should probably be case-insensitive. The commands and the arguments
are separated by whitespace. It's nice and simple. The first thing I'll need to
do is probably update the enum generator for string parsing.

I've laid down the foundations. Reading from stdin, converting to lowercase and
tokenizing. The code is basically writing itself. Rust makes this so easy.

The interpreter is fully functional. I could probably write some unit tests.
It's self-contained so writing tests should be pretty easy. I should probably
write proper tests for `parse_byte_command` too. It has an example but it should
probably have more. I'll do all that tomorrow. I'm done for today.
