I've been meaning to do this for a while. I want to stop using WebSockets and
use TCP directly. This will probably take a while. I'm not sure if I should
start with the client or the server. It's sort of a chicken and egg problem.
I'll start with the server.

I have the server written. It's simple enough that I'm pretty sure it should
work but I won't know for sure until I have the client working.

I'm not able to deploy the app to my phone. I'm not sure what's going on. This
was working before. Xcode is refusing to connect.

[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/62619030/4093378) saves the day
once again! I unpaired the device and then paired it again.

I just got a bug report. I'm dropping everything to investigate!

All fixed. Right, TCP.

I was stuck on an issue for about half an hour. The app would crash immediately
after sending something. There was no message in the console. I worked out that
it was happening when I printed the data being sent. The function that printed
the data used the `...` operator. I thought that this was equivalent to the `..`
operator from Rust but it's actually equivalent to `..=`. I was reading past the
end of an array. I actually need to use the `..<` operator.

I seem to have it working. Though there are a few details missing. Trying to
reconnect after disconnecting and sending the tick messages. 

I'm trying to figure out how to do a graceful shutdown. I need to listen for the
CTRL+C signal and close the TCP connection but I'm not sure how to do that. It
seems that dropping the `TcpStream` doesn't close the connection. I tried
calling `shutdown` on the stream. It still didn't work. Maybe the problem is
with the client. Actually, WireShark might be helpful...

I figured it out before WireShark finished downloading! It seems that connection
errors and disconnections are handled in different places. It's a little
strange but it sort of makes sense. This means that graceful shutdown has been
achieved.

Getting the client to properly handle closing the connection made me realise
that the effort I put into doing a graceful shutdown on the server side was
pointless. If I don't set a CTRL+C handler, the client still knows that the
connection has been closed. I should have started using WireShark earlier. The
default SIGINT handler is sending the FIN packet. So much time wasted running
around in circles.

It seems to be fully working. From the user's perspective everything is back to
the way it was. I was able to drop a lot of dependencies from the server. The
`Cargo.lock` file went from 1400 lines to 250.
