Yesterday I got the configuration scene working. The thing it's missing is
applying the configuration to the controller. I think I can save the
configuration in local storage. Then when the controller is shown, it will load
the configuration from local storage. The configuration will also be persistent
between app launches as a consequence so we kill two birds with one stone.

I need to research transitioning between scenes.

I think what I want is a tab bar at the bottom of the screen for easily
switching between the controllers. Each of the controllers has their own
instance of the `SocketManager`. This is a problem because it seems like the
socket doesn't disconnect when navigating between the controllers. So the first
controller will connect and then the rest don't. It would make more sense for
the tab bar controller to hold the one and only `SocketManager` let the child
controllers access it somehow.

I'm not sure how navigating to the tap configuration page will work. It doesn't
make sense to add another item to the tab bar. I don't want to clutter up the
screen. A swipe from screen edge gesture might work but that could result in
accidentally triggering a tap. I'll think about this after I have the tab bar
working.

I noticed that the interface doesn't look quite right on screens with rounded
corners. I'm talking about the iPhone X and above. The number pad and slide look
good but there are some problems with trackpad and tap. I think trackpad and tap
shouldn't cover the status bar. That will make accessing notifications (and
control center on iPhone X) possible without accidentally triggering something.

Also, the tab bar should probably be hidden in landscape orientation.

The tab bar is looking really nice. What I need to do now is move the
`SocketManager` up to the tab bar and then somehow give the child view
controllers access to it. While doing that, I need to deal with the offline
state.

The tab bar now stores the `SocketManager` and passes it down to the child view
controllers on load. The tab bar also notifiies the child view controllers when
the connection is lost of gained. This was pretty simple to set up.

So now I just need to make the tap configuration page work. We need some way to
transition to it. We also need some way for the changes to be applied. I can't
beleive how close to complete this is. If I provide some way to set the name of
the computer to connect to then this is actually something that could be used by
more than one person.

I spent ages trying to get state restoration to work but I can't figure it out.
Oh well. It's not really something I need. It's just a nice-to-have. I asked a
question on SO. Maybe I'll get some responses. It's not important so I shouldn't
worry about it. What I really need to do is save app data, not UI state.

I can use `UserDefaults` to save and load the command lists. I guess tap
configuration and tap controller don't need to communicate directly. When tap
configuration is hidden, it should save the commands. Then when tap controller
is shown, it should load the commands. Tap configuration also needs to load the
commands when it is shown.

That seems to be working as I described. Now I just need some way to get to the
configuration page. I'm going to see if I can get the swipe from screen edge
gesture working nicely.

Maybe I could drag up from the toolbar? Touch the tap icon and then drag it up
to reveal the configuration. That might be better. The more I think about it the
more I like it. I could also do something a little simpler like pressing and
holding the tap icon. Or force pressing.

I'm still trying to figure out how to do this. I seems like tab bar items are
not easy to customize.

I came up with something very simple. Tapping on the tab bar item while it's
already selected will show the tap configuration screen. Beautiful!

I'm really happy with the progress I made today. I think I'll leave it there.
There's not much more to do. I can spend some time polishing the code. The game
controller is still in there so I can remove that. I think I should also make it
possible to set the computer name. Once I do that, this is a complete and usable
app!

Tomorrow I'll probably get the app into a complete state. From there, I might
add some more controllers. I was thinking about adding controllers that are
specialized for particular applications. The trackpad controller can be used for
pretty much anything but its a jack of all trades and a master of none.

What makes a lot of sense is controlling VLC. I could either use scripting
bridge or keybindings. I could do something interesting like showing information
on the phone. Like the title of the video that's playing. I'll probably start
working on a VLC controller the day after tomorrow.

I have to say that I'm really proud of this project. More so than the Discord
clone or the polling website. The Discord clone was a lot of work and this is
trival by comparison but this app is something that I can actually use. I'll
probably use it any chance I get. I can't really say the same thing about the
other two.
