Yesterday I got a bit distracted while working on the number pad after running
into problems with enigo. I want to add a landscape mode to the number pad that
shows more buttons. I think I've worked out how to get enigo to give me what I
want.

I added another three columns to the number pad in landscape mode. I'm really
happy with it. This actually seems like something I'll use if I'm ever entering
data into a spreadsheet.

iOS Safari showing and hiding its navbar is really annoying. That browser is
seriously broken. iOS Chrome on the other hand, doesn't have this problem. While
it is technically using the same rendering engine, it doesn't hide and show the
navbar. So I've decided that while I'm going to develop on Safari (because of
devtools), I'll be targeting Chrome. I feel like I've spent most of the day just
fiddling with CSS. It's bloody annoying.

The client is constantly streaming empty messages to the server to eliminate
jitter but I figured I should disable this after a while. So after 30 seconds of
no input, the empty messages will stop. They'll start back up again when we get
some input.

I've done so much CSS tweaking today. It's ridiculous.

It occurred to me that I could create a home page with links to the controllers.
That might make it a little bit easier to navigate between them. Although I
think I've done enough CSS work for today. It's currently not possible to do a
double-click on the trackpad controller. It's because of the way macOS handles
double clicks. I think I'll open a PR on enigo and see if I can implement this.
I've never forked a rust package before so this should be interesting.

I implemented double click on a fork of enigo.

This has made me think, why not fully lean into working with macOS? I could
focus on making it work perfectly for my own machine. Then I won't have to deal
with cross platform issues. There are things that are just too hard to do in a
cross platform way. For example, I could make the trackpad controller emit
trackpad gesture events rather than using mouse events. Even if I knew how to do
this on other platforms, I wouldn't be able to easily test it.

I'm making this for myself.

I'm already making use of 3D touch. Something that's not a lot of devices have.
I can only hope that Apple brings it back but that's beside the point.

I think I'm going to take enigo's macOS implementation and modify it to suit my
needs. I'll be able to change the scroll events to use pixels instead of lines.
I could use keycodes directly instead of converting characters to keycodes. I
was running into problems with that. Lots of things that wouldn't make sense to
go into enigo because of cross platform issues.

That's what I'll do tomorrow.
