Yesterday I was having trouble with the mission control key binding. Last night
I realised that the problem could be the that the events aren't being posted at
a low enough level in the system. I'm currently creating the event source with
`kCGEventSourceStateCombinedSessionState`. I'm going to try using
`kCGEventSourceStateHIDSystemState`.

Dammit that didn't work. It works when I create multiple keyboard events
separated by a delay. That's really annoying. Using `kCGEventSourceStatePrivate`
seems to have worked. Cool!

Four finger horizontal swipe is working. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to be
possible to use `UIPinchGestureRecognizer` to recognize a four finger pinch.
Although, since there doesn't seem to be a way for me to simulate a trackpad
pinch to zoom gesture, I guess I could use two finger pinch to simulate four
finger pinch. A pinch gesture is a continuous gesture but I'm going to use it as
an instantaneous gesture.

On second thought, I think the trackpad has enough gestures. It's never going to
be as good as the real thing but it's not meant to be.

I think I'm going to move onto the next thing. The clicker. There are a few
variations of the clicker. The action can also be configured. I think I'm going
to make it really flexible. The user will be able to define an arbitrary
sequence of commands to run when the touch begins or ends. There's also 3D 
touch. It might make sense to allow configuring the pressure threshold.

I have the non-configurable tap controller set up. Now I need to create the
interface for configuring it. This is probably going to be pretty difficult.

I'm using a `UIPickerView` for selecting the command. The issue is that
different commands require different sets of arguments. I think for the
tap controller, I'll just have one command and one byte argument. That will
hopefully minimize complications.

It's currently pretty ugly. I'm struggling to find inspiration for the interface
I'm creating. I don't know how Apple would do it.

I added the complete list of keys to the picker. Now I need a way to add the
chosen command to the command list. It should also be possible to delete and
reorder commands.

I've spent ages working on the functionality of the `UITableView`. It's now
possible to delete and reorder items in the list. The appearance is starting to
look a little neater as well.

I now have buttons for appending the selected command to the down or up command
list. The interface is starting to look pretty good now. I just need to make the
append buttons functional which shouldn't be too difficult.

The append buttons are now functional. It's possible to insert, reorder and
delete rows form the command lists. I think I'll leave it there. Tomorrow I'll
make the configuration apply to the controller. I'll also need to handle saving
and restoring the configuration between app launches.

Also I just realized that I haven't been taking screenshots. Oh well. I'm
working an iOS app so it's a little inconvenient to transfer screenshots over.
Maybe that's why I haven't been taking screenshots since the beginning. The only
UI element left to do is some way to switch between controllers. I guess I can
take screenshots once I'm done.
