Yesterday I was thinking about some possible input methods.
 - Accelerometer/gyroscope
 - Double tap
 - Swipe from the edge of the screen
 - Buttons
 - Tapping the microphone

Tapping the mic sounds really interesting. I'd be worried about false positives
though. I did a quick bit of Googling and it seems like a lot of effort. The mic
is also not in the ideal place. Tapping the mic will clip the waveform
consistently but you need to change your grip to tap it.

Double tap and swiping from the edge of the screen makes a lot of sense. Buttons
are pretty simple to do.

Accelerometer and gyroscope. I'm not sure about that. I could probably map the
orientation to mouse movement. That would probably work for a flight simulator.
Just thinking in terms of minecraft, it's probably not that useful. Doing
something like shake-to-undo doesn't really work in gamepad mode.

I think I'll start with buttons. I'm also going to try to refactor the code to
make it more configurable.

I added some buttons but I'm not really sure about it. The thing with touch
buttons is that you have to see them. You have to look down at the phone to
press them. You can try to guess where they are but sometimes you'll miss.

I've also been trying to figure out how to make it configurable without adding
a lot of latency or complexity. So far, I'm not too sure about it.

It seems like the buttons only really work if they're on the corners of the
screen. They also need to be pretty big. The buttons seem pretty unreliable.

It occurred to me that holding down the volume button might not be a good idea.
I mean, they're probably not designed to be held down for long periods of time.
Also, it kind of hurts my finger after a while because of how hard you need to
press them.

I think this game controller idea is a bust.

Still, I like the control and performance I can get with a native app. I think
I'm going to port the existing controllers to the iOS app. I would need to have
a menu to switch between them. Perhaps a way to configure them as well. This is
sounding like a lot of work that you get in the browser for free with URLs. I'm
not sure about this.

I just tried playing Gorescript with a plain old mouse and keyboard. The phone
isn't even close. It's so much more pleasant to use a mouse and keyboard. The
game controller is a cool idea but it's just not going to work. It just doesn't
make sense.

I had this idea of scrapping the story board and then creating everything in
Swift. After thinking about that some more, I don't think it's the right move.
I don't think I'm going to go as far as letting users move buttons around and
make their own controller. For something like a menu, for moving between the
various controllers, that would be kind of annoying to do without storyboards.
With storyboards, each controller would be its own scene with its own
`UIViewController`.

I'm finding that I'm kind of losing motivation to work on this project. It kind
of feels done. Or at least, very close to done. When I get to the close-to-done
stage in a project, I lose motivation. This is frustrating because it often
means that my projects end up unfinished or unpolished. School projects are
different. I have a deadline. I have a design and I usually work in a team. I
can set myself a deadline but I don't really like doing that and it's just not
the same as a deadline being set for me.

I'm kind of over building user interfaces. It's always been kind of unpleasant.
I want my next project to have a small scope. Something that doesn't require a
complex interface (maybe a command-line tool or a library). I also want to make
something that's easily testable. Writing unit tests for something that does
networking and database access is possible but pretty annoying.

When I was working on the poll thing, I said that I wanted my next project to be
something that I'll actually use. I believe I've achieved that already. What
this thing lacks is polish.

I think I'm going to take the rest of the day off. Today hasn't been a very
productive day anyway because of "life stuff".
