Yesterday I said I was going to make an iOS app. It occurred to me that my phone
is running iOS 14. I really wish it was on 13. My laptop is running Mojave and
the latest iOS version supported by the latest Xcode version on Mojave is iOS
13. Apparently there are ways to get around this so I'm going to try it.

Or maybe I should just update to Big Sur. When I tried Catalina for the first
time, I encountered a ton of bugs. It was so bad that I went back to Mojave and
I've been using it ever since. I'll probably need to update eventually. The
whole prospect is just stressing me out.

I'll need to have two IDEs open and a browser. My poor little laptop is going to
struggle.

I tried downloading iOS 14.3 device support files and using them with Xcode
11.3.1. It didn't work. The next option is to download Xcode 11.7.1 and edit the
`Info.plist` file. If that doesn't work then I have no choice but to update to
Big Sur.

Maybe I can use Apache Cordova.

While I was waiting for th big download, I was trying to figure out how to
generate relative mouse events that work inside a game. I need to set the deltas
on the event for an FPS game to respond to them. The problem is that the
location of the mouse is still changing and so it hits the edge of the screen.
I asked a question on [SO](https://stackoverflow.com/q/65929658/4093378) a few
minutes ago. Xcode has finished downloading so I'll see how that goes.

Maybe I just need to limit the mouse position to stop it from going off screen?

My laptop's storage is full. My external hard drive is full. I'm trying to
shuffle things around to get enough space just to expand the archive. Ugh. I
need a new laptop and a new hard drive.

Expanding the archive is taking ages. I really hope this works.

Wait a second, where did I read that Xcode 11.7 was compatible with iOS 14? I
just checked the compatibility table in wikipedia and it's not compatible. FUCK!

I FUCKING GOT IT WORKING!

I'm running Xcode 11.7 on Mojave 10.14.6 even though Apple told me not to. I'm
building an iOS 14.3 app on Xcode 11.7 even though Apple told me not to. Fuck
yeah. One caveat is that remote debugging isn't possible but I can probably
using the simulator to fill that gap. This is amazing. Fuck you Apple. I'm fully
expecting this to break in subtle ways but I don't care.

I downloaded Xcode 11.7 from [here](https://developer.apple.com/download/more/).
I downloaded iOS 14.3 device support files from
[here](https://github.com/iGhibli/iOS-DeviceSupport/blob/master/DeviceSupport/14.3(FromXcode_12.3_beta_xip).zip).
I edited the minimum supported version as per this
[SO answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/63912493/4093378).

I probably could have done this without updating Xcode now that I think about
it. Oh well. This means that I have to actually make the app. Oh dear...

I'm looking at my Pink Pentagon game. It was created 24 December 2019. I can't
believe how old it is. Jeez. I'm trying to pick it apart and figure out how iOS
apps work.

I'm starting to get it. It's slowly coming back to me. I'm going to make sure
I'm able to detect volume button presses before I do anything else. If I can't
get that to work then this might not be worth the effort.

It wasn't easy but I managed to detect volume button presses and releases. Apple
doesn't want me to do this either.

Now that I have volume working, and I know that using the accelerometer and
gyroscope is possible, I think I'm going to switch back to the server and try to
solve the problem I was working on this morning. There haven't been any
responses to the SO post but I have an idea of something that might work.

I just had to limit the mouse position within the display boundaries. It was
that simple. That stopped the mouse from hitting the edge and getting stuck.
It's all coming together!

Now that I've gotten everything sorted out, I'll be able to spend all of
tomorrow working on the iOS app.

I managed to rig up the volume buttons to left and right mouse clicks. This is
so cool.

Alright, I think I should leave it there. The tedious part is over and I can
focus on the fun part.
