Yesterday I was having trouble with shift and command keys. I try to emit a
flags changed event when handling shift. If that doesn't work, then I guess I'll
need to apply the flags directly to the target key event. So apply the shift
flag directly to 8 to get *. That could be more efficient actually. We'd save 3
bytes from the message. 3 bytes!

I tried generating a flags changed event but had no luck. It looks like I'll
need to create a dedicated command for creating a key event with a set of flags.

That seems to have solved it. There's no delay in the key events and the
modifier keys work as expected. This thing is awesome!

I was doing some research into generating gesture events last night. From what I
found, it seemed like it would be more effort than it's worth. It's possible but
you need to use undocumented APIs. Someone has managed to do it and I might be
able to use their code but I honestly think that it isn't worth the trouble.

Here's what I found
 - https://github.com/Hammerspoon/hammerspoon/pull/2512
 - https://github.com/calftrail/Sesamouse
 - https://github.com/calftrail/Touch
 - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21082362/how-to-send-raw-multitouch-trackpad-data-under-mac-os-x

I added a shift key to the number controller. The purpose would be for selecting
text. The only issue is that the position of the arrow buttons makes it a little
difficult. If you're holding down shift with your left thumb, you need to try to
reach your right thumb to the left side of the screen right above your other
thumb. I'm thinking about how to put the arrow keys over the number keys while
the shift key is pressed. I'm trying to think of an elegant want to do it.

I could change the position of the elements. I mean, set `grid-row` and
`grid-column`. That might look a little weird. I ended up change the innerHTML
and replacing the event listeners. Now I can select text more easily.

I've been thinking about things that I can do with this. I've been thinking
about ways to use the phone as something that sits beside the laptop. The number
pad is already one of those things. I could send data the other way and use the
phone as a second monitor. I'm not sure what it would display though. Another
thing is hotkeys and macros. Maybe pressing a button goes though some menus and
does something. It sounds like it could be useful but I'm what I could do.

ScriptingBridge is another option. It allows for communication with certain
applications. I haven't researched what applications support it but I assume the
Apple apps all do. I could control iTunes. Show the current song on my phone.
It would be similar to playing something via bluetooth from my phone but I could
have the audio quality of a wired connection. Also, the phone doesn't need to be
in bluetooth range of the speakers. It just needs to be on the same wifi network
which gives a lot of flexibility.

The reason I started this project was to replace WASD on my keyboard. I haven't
done that yet. Maybe I'll start working on that now. The plan was to use
pressure to detect the button presses. That way I can rest my fingers on the
keys like a normal keyboard.

I went full nerd on this one! I used a ruler and measured the side of the keys
as best I could. Then I calculated the pixel side based on the pixel density.
The keys are damn close to the same size.

I have it all rigged up. I'm tweaking and testing it at the moment. It seems to
work OK. We're still working with a touch screen here so it can't expect it to
match a real keyboard. The pressure sensitivity does make a difference but it's
still not great. I guess I was hoping it would be better. Maybe that's why I put
it off, because I didn't want to be disappointed.

After using it for a while, it actually works pretty well! Once you get used to
it of course. Still not as good as a real keyboard but this is probably the
closest I can get. I might be able to play Minecraft later.

Instead of trying to mimic the control scheme of the laptop, what might be
better is creating a touch optimized control scheme. A gamepad. The issue is
that to really make the most of it, I'll probably need to using the volume
buttons. As I've mentioned before, that's not possible on iOS Safari. I would
need to make an iOS app.

The logical next step is to make an iOS app. Volume buttons, vibrations, 
performance, UI. It's better in every way. Except that it's more effort to
create. I've made an iOS app before. One simple app. That's all. I think I'll do
it. It's not something I want to start today but tomorrow I will. Yeah, I'm
going to make the iOS app client tomorrow. This should be pretty interesting.

I was actually putting this off but now that I think about it, it's pretty
exciting! Swift is so much nicer than JavaScript. It's actually pretty close to
Rust. I know that iOS has a gesture recognizer built into it (because it's a
phone operating system so duh). That might make the trackpad controller a bit
easier. Now that I've decided to do that, there's probably not a lot that I can
do today so I'll leave it there.

I did some research and capturing volume buttons in a native iOS app is
difficult as well. It's possible, but Apple doesn't want you to do it. That's
the first thing I'll do once I get the app running. If I can't get volume
buttons to work then it might not be worth it. Sure there are a lot of benefits
but making an iOS is a lot of work compared to a web page.

I played Minecraft for a while to test out the keyboard. Just running around in
a creative world. It works pretty well. It might actually be better than my
broken laptop keyboard. Something more similar to a gamepad would be better
though.
